README.md, before:

# Chang-Min Lee

<div align="center">
    <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=0:513e3e,100:e8e8e8&height=180&text=BCI%20Boom%20is%20Coming&animation=fadeIn&fontColor=c1bdbd&fontSize=50" />
</div>

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Serif&size=18&duration=2500&pause=1000&multiline=true&width=700&height=80&lines=Chang-Min+Lee;Researcher+%7C+AI+%7C+Brain+Computer+Interface+%7C+Brain+Decoding&color=ffffff" alt="Typing SVG"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://leechangmin0310.github.io">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/✨_Visit_My_Research_Portfolio_✨-4b6cb7?style=for-the-badge&logo=googlechrome&logoColor=white" alt="Portfolio Website">
    </a>
</p>

---

## 👋 About Me

🎓 **B.S. in Human-Centered AI** @ Sangmyung University (Mar. 2020 – Feb. 2026) <br/>
🧪 **Research Intern** @ MAILAB, Korea University (Aug. 2025 – Feb. 2026) <br/>
🧐 **Integrated M.S.-Ph.D.** @ MAILAB, Korea University (Mar. 2026 - Present) <br/>

🧠 **Research Interest:** Brain-Computer Interface (BCI), Visual Brain Decoding, Brain-Inspired AI <br/>
🤖 **Goal:** Realizing the **"AI-to-Brain"** paradigm to explore human brain dynamics.

### 📬 Contact
<p align="left">
    <a href="mailto:ckdals1380@gmail.com">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=flat&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white&labelColor=2e2e2e">
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/changmin-lee-brightjade">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white&labelColor=2e2e2e">
    </a>
    <a href="https://orcid.org/0009-0006-9187-7108">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ORCID-A6CE39?style=flat&logo=orcid&logoColor=white&labelColor=2e2e2e">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/Changmin-Study">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Go%20to%20Study%20Repos%20Organization-Changmin--Study-000000?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="Study Repo Badge"/>
    </a>
    <!--<a href="YOUR_GOOGLE_SCHOLAR_LINK">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Google_Scholar-4285F4?style=flat&logo=google-scholar&logoColor=white&labelColor=2e2e2e">
    </a>!-->
</p>

---

## 📄 Selected Publications
*For a **full** list, please visit my [Portfolio Website](https://leechangmin0310.github.io/publications.html).*

### 🧠 Brain-Computer Interface & Affective Computing

- **Mimicking Visual Pathways: Multi-Stream Fusion for EEG-Based Image Retrieval (Tentative)** <br/>
  ***CM. Lee**, JM. Kim, W. Choi, Y. Choi, TE. Kam†.* <br/>
  ✍️ **Status:** In Preparation for *IEEE International Winter Conference on Brain-Computer Interface (IEEE BCI Winter 2026)*. <br/>
  📝 **Note:** Proposes a novel architecture fusing Dorsal, Ventral, and Global EEG encoders. (†: Corresponding Author)

- **Brain-Inspired Dual-Stream Fusion for EEG-to-Image Retrieval** <br/>
  ***C. Lee**\*, JM. Kim\*, W. Choi, Y. Choi, TE. Kam†.* <br/>
  ✅ **Status:** Published in *Proceedings of the 2025 KOSOMBE Fall Conference* (Poster Presentation). <br/>
  🔗 [Proceedings (pp. 306-307)](https://www.kosombe.or.kr/register/2025_fall/file/ebook.pdf?v=251206) <br/>
  📝 **Note:** (*: Co-first Author, †: Corresponding Author)

- **Emotion Recognition from rPPG via Physiologically Inspired Temporal Encoding** <br/>
  ***C. Lee**, H. Lee, M. Whang†.* <br/>
  ✅ **Status:** Published in *Sensors (SCIE)*, 25(13), 3995, 2025. <br/>
  🔗 [Paper Link](https://doi.org/10.3390/s25133995) <br/>
  📝 **Note:** (†: Corresponding Author)

### 🎨 Generative AI & Virtual Reality

- **Text2VR: A Modular Pipeline for Interactive VR Scenes from a Single Text Prompt** <br/>
  ***CM. Lee**\*, S. Myoung\*, M. An\*, Y. Jin\*, EC. Lee†.* <br/>
  ✅ **Status:** Submitted to *Journal of Korea Computer Game Society (JKCGS)*. <br/>
  📝 **Note:** Extended Version of the *HCI Korea 2026* paper. (*: Co-first Author)

- **Text2VR: An End-to-End Pipeline for Interactive VR Scenes from a Single Text Prompt** <br/>
  ***CM. Lee**\*, S. Myoung\*, M. An\*, Y. Jin\*, EC. Lee†.* <br/>
  ✅ **Status:** Submitted to *HCI Korea 2026*. <br/>
  📝 **Note:** (*: Co-first Author)

- 🚀 **More updates coming soon**
---

<details>
<summary><h2>💼 Career</h2></summary>

| Period | Role / Institution | Description |
|--------|--------------------|-------------|
| 2026.03 - Present | **Integrated M.S.-Ph.D.**, MAILAB, Korea Univ. | Brain-Computer Interface and Artificial Intelligence. |
| 2025.08 – 2026.02 | **Research Intern**, MAILAB, Korea Univ. | **Visual Brain Decoding (BCI)**<br>- Proposed a dual-stream EEG encoder inspired by ventral/dorsal pathways.<br>- Aligned EEG with CLIP features for zero-shot image retrieval. |
| 2025.01 – 2025.10 | **Research Intern**, Emotion Contents Tech. Center | **Affective Computing**<br>- Developed rPPG-based emotion recognition models (Sensors Paper).<br>- Managed MAHNOB-HCI dataset pipeline. |
| 2024.01 – 2024.12 | **President**, BAMBOO (Academic Club) | Led Human-Centered AI department's academic club; organized seminars and projects. |
| 2024.07 – 2024.08 | **Participant**, OUTTA AI Bootcamp | Completed Deep Learning (Advanced) course hosted by SNU GEC. |
| 2020 – 2026.02 | **B.S. Student**, Sangmyung University | Human-Centered AI Major. |
</details>


<details>
<summary><h2>🏆 Honors and Awards</h2></summary>

### Honors & Scholarships
- **National Science & Engineering Scholarship**, KOSAF
  - *Full Tuition Scholarship for 4 semesters (2024 – 2025)*
- **SW Talent Scholarship in AI**, SW-centered University Business Group
  - *Recipients of 1st and 2nd Semester (2024)*
- **Army Commendation Medal (ARCOM)**, United States Army (Eighth Army)
  - *Awarded for meritorious service during KATUSA service (2021)*
- **Army Achievement Medal (AAM)**, United States Army
  - *Awarded for outstanding achievement (2021)*
- **Academic Excellence Scholarship**, Sangmyung University
  - *Spring 2020*

### Awards & Competitions
- **Ranked 18th (Top 1.5%)**, NeurIPS 2025 EEG Foundation Challenge
  - *NeurIPS 2025 (1,183 Teams)*
- **Excellence Award**, Human AI Studio Festival 2025 (Graduation Project: Text2VR)
  - *Sangmyung University (Nov. 2025)*
- **1st Prize**, The 1st KASI and KAIST AI Competition
  - *KASI and KAIST (2024)*
- **Excellence Prize (2nd Place)**, AI & Cloud Service Contents Contest
  - *SW-centered University Business Group (2024)*
- **Top 8% (22nd/266 Teams)**, Medical AI (MAI) Competition
  - *DACON (2024)*
- **Top 5% (45th/906 Participants)**, SW-centered University Digital AI Competition
  - *DACON (2024)*
- **Encouragement Prize**, 2023 BioHealth Data Contest (Dental Field)
  - *BioHealth Innovation and Convergence University Business Group (2023)*

</details>

<!--<details>
<summary><h3>🤖 Key Projects in BCI & AI</h3></summary>

- **Visual Brain Decoding project within the Brain-Computer Interface at MAILAB**
- **Modeling Emotion Recognition Model based on Emotion Intelligence Levels via Physiological and Facial Responses (ETRI-funded Project) at Research Center of Emotion Contents Technology**
- **CODEEG: EEG-Based Fashion Recommendation and Virtual Try-On System**
- 🚀 **More updates coming soon** (come and check my repositories)

</details>

<details>
    
<summary><h3>🪪 Certifications and Qualifications</h3></summary>

- TOEIC: 845
- 2024 OUTTA AI Bootcamp – Deep Learning (Advanced)
- AI Convergence Capability Certification(AI융합역량인증제): Class 2
- 🚀 **More updates coming soon**

</details>
<details>
<summary><h3>📚 Study Archives</h3></summary>
 <p align="left">
    <a href="https://github.com/Changmin-Study">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Go%20to%20Study%20Repos%20Organization-Changmin--Study-000000?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="Study Repo Badge"/>
    </a>
  </p>
</details>
!-->

<details>
<summary><h2>🧱 Tech Stacks</h2></summary>

#### 🔥 Main Tech Stacks 🔥
<p align="left">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat&logo=Python&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=flat&logo=PyTorch&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Jupyter-orange?style=flat&logo=Jupyter&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Tensorflow-FF6F00?style=flat&logo=Tensorflow&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HuggingFace-FFD54F?style=flat&logo=HuggingFace&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Weights_&_Biases-FFBE00?style=flat&logo=WeightsAndBiases&logoColor=white">
</p>
#### ✨ Sub Tech Stacks ✨
<p align="left">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C-A8B9CC?style=flat&logo=C&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-A8B9CC?style=flat&logo=C++&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-007396?style=flat&logo=Java&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Markdown-000000?style=flat&logo=markdown&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Arduino-00979D?style=flat&logo=Arduino&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=flat&logo=Flask&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E?style=flat&logo=Figma&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=flat&logo=MongoDB&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=flat&logo=MySQL&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-3DDC84?style=flat&logo=android&logoColor=white">
    <img src ="https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white"><br/>
</p>

#### 🛠 Tools 🛠 
<p align="left">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Github-181717?style=flat&logo=Github&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-000000?style=flat&logo=Notion&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-5865F2?style=flat&logo=Discord&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-4A154B?style=flat&logo=Slack&logoColor=white"><br/>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/VSCode-2C2C32.svg?style=flat&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual Studio-5C2D91?style=flat&logo=Visual Studio&logoColor=white"/>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Colab-F9AB00?style=flat&logo=googlecolab&color=525252">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Xcode-147EFB?style=flat&logo=Xcode&logoColor=white"/>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/IntelliJ_IDEA-000000.svg?style=flat&logo=intellij-idea&logoColor=white"><br/>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/iTerm2-000000?style=flat&logo=iterm2&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GNU%20Bash-4EAA25?style=flat&logo=GNU%20Bash&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=Git&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/VIM-%2311AB00.svg?&style=flat&logo=vim&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Anaconda-232F3E?style=flat&logo=Anaconda&logoColor=white"/>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/tmux-1BB91F?style=flat&logo=tmux&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/windows%20terminal-4D4D4D?style=flat&logo=windows%20terminal&logoColor=white">
</p>

#### 💻 Operating Systems 💻
<p align="left">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/mac%20os-000000?style=flat&logo=apple&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=flat&logo=Linux&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Ubuntu-E95420?style=flat&logo=ubuntu&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-0078D6?style=flat&logo=windows&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/WSL-0a97f5?style=flat&logo=linux&logoColor=white">
</p>

</details>


---

### 📊 GitHub Status

<div align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/LeeChangmin0310">
        <img src="https://github-stats-alpha.vercel.app/api?username=LeeChangmin0310&cc=60,706b6b,000000&tc=ffffff&ic=ffffff&bc=00000000"><br/>
    </a>
</div>
<div align="center">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=LeeChangmin0310&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&cache_seconds=1800&bg_color=60,706b6b,000000&title_color=ffffff&text_color=ffffff" width="50%"/>
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=LeeChangmin0310&layout=compact&hide_progress=true&bg_color=60,706b6b,000000&title_color=ffffff&text_color=ffffff" width="46.5%"/>
</div>
<div align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/ashutosh00710/github-readme-activity-graph">
        <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=LeeChangmin0310&theme=high-contrast&hide_border=true" width="98%"/>
    </a>
</div>

Commit message:

Revise title and status for EEG project
Updated project title and status for EEG-based image retrieval.

README.md, after:

# Chang-Min Lee

<div align="center">
    <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=0:513e3e,100:e8e8e8&height=180&text=BCI%20Boom%20is%20Coming&animation=fadeIn&fontColor=c1bdbd&fontSize=50" />
</div>

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Serif&size=18&duration=2500&pause=1000&multiline=true&width=700&height=80&lines=Chang-Min+Lee;Researcher+%7C+AI+%7C+Brain+Computer+Interface+%7C+Brain+Decoding&color=ffffff" alt="Typing SVG"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://leechangmin0310.github.io">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/✨_Visit_My_Research_Portfolio_✨-4b6cb7?style=for-the-badge&logo=googlechrome&logoColor=white" alt="Portfolio Website">
    </a>
</p>

---

## 👋 About Me

🎓 **B.S. in Human-Centered AI** @ Sangmyung University (Mar. 2020 – Feb. 2026) <br/>
🧪 **Research Intern** @ MAILAB, Korea University (Aug. 2025 – Feb. 2026) <br/>
🧐 **Integrated M.S.-Ph.D.** @ MAILAB, Korea University (Mar. 2026 - Present) <br/>

🧠 **Research Interest:** Brain-Computer Interface (BCI), Visual Brain Decoding, Brain-Inspired AI <br/>
🤖 **Goal:** Realizing the **"AI-to-Brain"** paradigm to explore human brain dynamics.

### 📬 Contact
<p align="left">
    <a href="mailto:ckdals1380@gmail.com">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=flat&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white&labelColor=2e2e2e">
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/changmin-lee-brightjade">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white&labelColor=2e2e2e">
    </a>
    <a href="https://orcid.org/0009-0006-9187-7108">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ORCID-A6CE39?style=flat&logo=orcid&logoColor=white&labelColor=2e2e2e">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/Changmin-Study">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Go%20to%20Study%20Repos%20Organization-Changmin--Study-000000?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="Study Repo Badge"/>
    </a>
    <!--<a href="YOUR_GOOGLE_SCHOLAR_LINK">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Google_Scholar-4285F4?style=flat&logo=google-scholar&logoColor=white&labelColor=2e2e2e">
    </a>!-->
</p>

---

## 📄 Selected Publications
*For a **full** list, please visit my [Portfolio Website](https://leechangmin0310.github.io/publications.html).*

### 🧠 Brain-Computer Interface & Affective Computing

- **Define, Align, and Fuse: A Biologically Grounded Dual-Stream Framework for Hierarchical EEG-to-Image Retrieval (Tentative)** <br/>
  ***CM. Lee**, JM. Kim, W. Choi, Y. Choi, TE. Kam†.* <br/>
  ✍️ **Status:** In Preparation for *IEEE International Winter Conference on Brain-Computer Interface (IEEE BCI Winter 2026)*. <br/>
  📝 **Note:** Proposes a novel architecture fusing Dorsal, Ventral, and Global EEG encoders. (†: Corresponding Author)

- **Brain-Inspired Dual-Stream Fusion for EEG-to-Image Retrieval** <br/>
  ***C. Lee**\*, JM. Kim\*, W. Choi, Y. Choi, TE. Kam†.* <br/>
  ✅ **Status:** Published in *Proceedings of the 2025 KOSOMBE Fall Conference* (Poster Presentation). <br/>
  🔗 [Proceedings (pp. 306-307)](https://www.kosombe.or.kr/register/2025_fall/file/ebook.pdf?v=251206) <br/>
  📝 **Note:** (*: Co-first Author, †: Corresponding Author)

- **Emotion Recognition from rPPG via Physiologically Inspired Temporal Encoding** <br/>
  ***C. Lee**, H. Lee, M. Whang†.* <br/>
  ✅ **Status:** Published in *Sensors (SCIE)*, 25(13), 3995, 2025. <br/>
  🔗 [Paper Link](https://doi.org/10.3390/s25133995) <br/>
  📝 **Note:** (†: Corresponding Author)

### 🎨 Generative AI & Virtual Reality

- **Text2VR: A Modular Pipeline for Interactive VR Scenes from a Single Text Prompt** <br/>
  ***CM. Lee**\*, S. Myoung\*, M. An\*, Y. Jin\*, EC. Lee†.* <br/>
  ✅ **Status:** Submitted to *Journal of Korea Computer Game Society (JKCGS)*. <br/>
  📝 **Note:** Extended Version of the *HCI Korea 2026* paper. (*: Co-first Author)

- **Text2VR: An End-to-End Pipeline for Interactive VR Scenes from a Single Text Prompt** <br/>
  ***CM. Lee**\*, S. Myoung\*, M. An\*, Y. Jin\*, EC. Lee†.* <br/>
  ✅ **Status:** Submitted to *HCI Korea 2026*. <br/>
  📝 **Note:** (*: Co-first Author)

- 🚀 **More updates coming soon**
---

<details>
<summary><h2>💼 Career</h2></summary>

| Period | Role / Institution | Description |
|--------|--------------------|-------------|
| 2026.03 - Present | **Integrated M.S.-Ph.D.**, MAILAB, Korea Univ. | Brain-Computer Interface and Artificial Intelligence. |
| 2025.08 – 2026.02 | **Research Intern**, MAILAB, Korea Univ. | **Visual Brain Decoding (BCI)**<br>- Proposed a dual-stream EEG encoder inspired by ventral/dorsal pathways.<br>- Aligned EEG with CLIP features for zero-shot image retrieval. |
| 2025.01 – 2025.10 | **Research Intern**, Emotion Contents Tech. Center | **Affective Computing**<br>- Developed rPPG-based emotion recognition models (Sensors Paper).<br>- Managed MAHNOB-HCI dataset pipeline. |
| 2024.01 – 2024.12 | **President**, BAMBOO (Academic Club) | Led Human-Centered AI department's academic club; organized seminars and projects. |
| 2024.07 – 2024.08 | **Participant**, OUTTA AI Bootcamp | Completed Deep Learning (Advanced) course hosted by SNU GEC. |
| 2020 – 2026.02 | **B.S. Student**, Sangmyung University | Human-Centered AI Major. |
</details>


<details>
<summary><h2>🏆 Honors and Awards</h2></summary>

### Honors & Scholarships
- **National Science & Engineering Scholarship**, KOSAF
  - *Full Tuition Scholarship for 4 semesters (2024 – 2025)*
- **SW Talent Scholarship in AI**, SW-centered University Business Group
  - *Recipients of 1st and 2nd Semester (2024)*
- **Army Commendation Medal (ARCOM)**, United States Army (Eighth Army)
  - *Awarded for meritorious service during KATUSA service (2021)*
- **Army Achievement Medal (AAM)**, United States Army
  - *Awarded for outstanding achievement (2021)*
- **Academic Excellence Scholarship**, Sangmyung University
  - *Spring 2020*

### Awards & Competitions
- **Ranked 18th (Top 1.5%)**, NeurIPS 2025 EEG Foundation Challenge
  - *NeurIPS 2025 (1,183 Teams)*
- **Excellence Award**, Human AI Studio Festival 2025 (Graduation Project: Text2VR)
  - *Sangmyung University (Nov. 2025)*
- **1st Prize**, The 1st KASI and KAIST AI Competition
  - *KASI and KAIST (2024)*
- **Excellence Prize (2nd Place)**, AI & Cloud Service Contents Contest
  - *SW-centered University Business Group (2024)*
- **Top 8% (22nd/266 Teams)**, Medical AI (MAI) Competition
  - *DACON (2024)*
- **Top 5% (45th/906 Participants)**, SW-centered University Digital AI Competition
  - *DACON (2024)*
- **Encouragement Prize**, 2023 BioHealth Data Contest (Dental Field)
  - *BioHealth Innovation and Convergence University Business Group (2023)*

</details>

<!--<details>
<summary><h3>🤖 Key Projects in BCI & AI</h3></summary>

- **Visual Brain Decoding project within the Brain-Computer Interface at MAILAB**
- **Modeling Emotion Recognition Model based on Emotion Intelligence Levels via Physiological and Facial Responses (ETRI-funded Project) at Research Center of Emotion Contents Technology**
- **CODEEG: EEG-Based Fashion Recommendation and Virtual Try-On System**
- 🚀 **More updates coming soon** (come and check my repositories)

</details>

<details>
    
<summary><h3>🪪 Certifications and Qualifications</h3></summary>

- TOEIC: 845
- 2024 OUTTA AI Bootcamp – Deep Learning (Advanced)
- AI Convergence Capability Certification(AI융합역량인증제): Class 2
- 🚀 **More updates coming soon**

</details>
<details>
<summary><h3>📚 Study Archives</h3></summary>
 <p align="left">
    <a href="https://github.com/Changmin-Study">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Go%20to%20Study%20Repos%20Organization-Changmin--Study-000000?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="Study Repo Badge"/>
    </a>
  </p>
</details>
!-->

<details>
<summary><h2>🧱 Tech Stacks</h2></summary>

#### 🔥 Main Tech Stacks 🔥
<p align="left">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat&logo=Python&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=flat&logo=PyTorch&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Jupyter-orange?style=flat&logo=Jupyter&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Tensorflow-FF6F00?style=flat&logo=Tensorflow&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HuggingFace-FFD54F?style=flat&logo=HuggingFace&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Weights_&_Biases-FFBE00?style=flat&logo=WeightsAndBiases&logoColor=white">
</p>
#### ✨ Sub Tech Stacks ✨
<p align="left">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C-A8B9CC?style=flat&logo=C&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-A8B9CC?style=flat&logo=C++&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-007396?style=flat&logo=Java&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Markdown-000000?style=flat&logo=markdown&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Arduino-00979D?style=flat&logo=Arduino&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=flat&logo=Flask&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E?style=flat&logo=Figma&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=flat&logo=MongoDB&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=flat&logo=MySQL&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-3DDC84?style=flat&logo=android&logoColor=white">
    <img src ="https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white"><br/>
</p>

#### 🛠 Tools 🛠 
<p align="left">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Github-181717?style=flat&logo=Github&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-000000?style=flat&logo=Notion&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-5865F2?style=flat&logo=Discord&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-4A154B?style=flat&logo=Slack&logoColor=white"><br/>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/VSCode-2C2C32.svg?style=flat&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual Studio-5C2D91?style=flat&logo=Visual Studio&logoColor=white"/>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Colab-F9AB00?style=flat&logo=googlecolab&color=525252">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Xcode-147EFB?style=flat&logo=Xcode&logoColor=white"/>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/IntelliJ_IDEA-000000.svg?style=flat&logo=intellij-idea&logoColor=white"><br/>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/iTerm2-000000?style=flat&logo=iterm2&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GNU%20Bash-4EAA25?style=flat&logo=GNU%20Bash&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=Git&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/VIM-%2311AB00.svg?&style=flat&logo=vim&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Anaconda-232F3E?style=flat&logo=Anaconda&logoColor=white"/>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/tmux-1BB91F?style=flat&logo=tmux&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/windows%20terminal-4D4D4D?style=flat&logo=windows%20terminal&logoColor=white">
</p>

#### 💻 Operating Systems 💻
<p align="left">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/mac%20os-000000?style=flat&logo=apple&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=flat&logo=Linux&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Ubuntu-E95420?style=flat&logo=ubuntu&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-0078D6?style=flat&logo=windows&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/WSL-0a97f5?style=flat&logo=linux&logoColor=white">
</p>

</details>


---

### 📊 GitHub Status

<div align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/LeeChangmin0310">
        <img src="https://github-stats-alpha.vercel.app/api?username=LeeChangmin0310&cc=60,706b6b,000000&tc=ffffff&ic=ffffff&bc=00000000"><br/>
    </a>
</div>
<div align="center">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=LeeChangmin0310&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&cache_seconds=1800&bg_color=60,706b6b,000000&title_color=ffffff&text_color=ffffff" width="50%"/>
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=LeeChangmin0310&layout=compact&hide_progress=true&bg_color=60,706b6b,000000&title_color=ffffff&text_color=ffffff" width="46.5%"/>
</div>
<div align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/ashutosh00710/github-readme-activity-graph">
        <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=LeeChangmin0310&theme=high-contrast&hide_border=true" width="98%"/>
    </a>
</div>
